love you high
five all right kissing a high five and a
hug in a kiss in a high
five I did I already did him kiss hug
high five oh yeah all
right oh I'm going to make it on
time here we go
oh
[Music]
w
w no one be
[Music]
all right so let's have a quick little
chat about what this new job actually is
so
around April maybe may maybe around my
birthday I turned 33 decided I didn't
want to be a teacher with a side hustle
anymore decided that I saw a different
path to doing what I wanted to do in
life and that path included not
necessarily going straight from teaching
to running my business full-time and I
guess what I mean by that is I really
trust what smart people in my life say
so I looked at what a guy named Justin
Jackson said about this and he said what
he did was he made the transition from
being a full-time employee to being an
employee that was allowed to work
remotely sometimes to being a fully
remote employee and then he went out on
his own and that kind of Freedom ladder
allowed him to get there you know over
time and I thought to myself that's
exactly what I want so I started to look
for full-time positions doing what I was
already doing for clients marketing SEO
Etc and at the beginning of May I
applied for position at a really cool
looking agency I didn't know much about
them here in Chicago I got some
interviews really met the team met one
of the partners and I really liked what
he had to say about one thing what he
said was there's three ways to look at
growing your company we can grow the
number of employees the headcount you
hear a lot of people bragging with their
friends about oh we have this many
employees this is how big our team is
ETC oh we're growing our team we have
750 employees 500 employees 200000
whatever so then there's a second way we
can do this where we just focus on
growing Topline Revenue you know we're
looking at total Billings total profit
Etc the third metric which is the one
they focus on there is just doing better
work and what I thought was super cool
is that with doing better work you grow
the other two but when you grow revenue
or you grow headcount you don't
necessarily do better work you probably
know I'm a massive fan of Jason freed
and uh dhh from Base Cam and don't don't
fall down the steps so being a fan of
them means that I don't believe in
venture capital I don't believe in any
of that garbage I don't believe in
growth for growth and that wasn't going
to happen at this company so seemed like
a fit so that's what I did I literally
stopped teaching on a Friday at the end
of a school year started my new job my
new career on a Monday for the first
time in my life I get to get good at one
thing I'm not constantly trying to get
good at 20 things in teaching and then
another 10 things when it comes to SEO
and clients and things like that I can
just do one thing all day even when I'm
working for my own clients at night it's
just one thing it's the same stuff and I
get to get really really good at it and
that feels so nice and I wish that for
you too if you're trying to break out of
your 9o5 if that's not what you want
don't romanticize quitting don't is that
thing beeping at me you know don't
romanticize quitting your 9 to-5 don't
romanticize taking the leap that's
garbage it's actually really dangerous
and quite stupid taking the leap is what
companies do when they take on Venture
Capital it's a terrible idea I'll link
Justin's video below and you'll be able
to see exactly what I'm talking about
but just become more and more remote
align your entire life your career with
what you're already doing what you want
to do if you don't think there's a way
there's a way I promise in fact I'll put
a challenge to you if you don't think
there's a way to align your life around
what you're doing as a side hustle to
move it more towards what you're doing
as a career and gradually climb that
freedom ladder comment below I bet I can
help I've been Renn and Hufford don't
forget to work hard be nice people and
don't get too lost trying to create
something that matters
[Music]
PS this probably the most fun thing
about working down here in Chicago now
is that everybody's so ridiculous that I
can walk around talking to my camera
it's not weird if I did that in the
south side of Chicago or I did that
around my house where I live everybody
look at me like I'm nuts but down here
people just do whatever they want so
doesn't even matter so good